This is a head-gum original.
Cat.
Right, not even 20 seconds in and he's already plugging his breath out of the bird.
Woo!
Christmas episode edition of the head-gum podcast we've got to go.
We've got a stacked duo.
We've got Miles Bons and Yoray.
Double-cheeked up on Christmas Eve.
And we've got Riley and Spot bringing up the rear end.
Cheers!
Do we just sink our file or record it?
Okay.
Um, you guys are bringing an energy that can only be described as okay.
Miles, it's fucking crazy, dude.
I got a wild energy.
He's kind of normal.
Second part of the day that I'm recording today.
I recorded one this morning with the tripod with the try guys.
How was that?
It was good.
Did Ned return or...
Yeah, he's back.
Are you feeling like you spent all of your good creative energy on that one and this one?
Do you just kind of like the drags?
I don't think you even have to ask him that because I feel like his whole vibe is enjoying this one.
Yeah, that's pretty obvious.
I'm spent and I'm really...
I'm a whole parent.
I'm spent.
And I'm pulling from the bottom of the barrel for this guy, baby.
Also, I was on the head-gum podcast on Friday.
And back again, it's like, favorite.
This is going to be better than that.
It's going to be better than that.
You just try to get it right on the episode.
It didn't end up like that.
Yeah, so what?
You didn't like that episode.
I thought it was fun, right?
I thought you were good.
I thought I was good.
You thought everyone else was bad.
I thought Brad was good.
Because I wasn't good.
Brad was great.
Brad is doing a cool ad.
I thought he was good.
I thought we'll con over.
Could have brought it a little bit more.
And I was going...
I don't want to pull him out.
I don't want to call him out just him.
But, you know, he was kind of like...
You know what I maybe should have said to him.
Pull your weight.
Immediately.
Do you think that the three of us should commodify our friendship
and to sort of a will they won't they pair a social thing where we kind of...
I love triangle?
Not a love triangle.
Which you have to know.
It's a fence of the U.S.
Because even though Riley and I are in amazing relationships,
and you also are in a relationship.
Why is that?
It's where the irregular egg.
I'm a regular egg.
It's where they boil the egg in the own scent.
The own scent.
I had hard boiled eggs for breakfast.
Here we go.
Let's hear it.
Why do I have for brecky?
This is a living of Rodrigo.
You can barely hear that.
What is it that you just said?
Oh, that's the name of a song.
Is this the S.N.L. performance?
This is the S.N.L.
That's for sure.
I thought that you just called her that.
I don't know if that was the name of an album or song.
This is a living of Rodrigo.
The all of them.
Bitch.
No, not the end.
Hey guys, live your old G.
Go to bitch.
Let's hear the song.
The most cancelable radio DJ ever.
Rodrigo, all American bitch.
Let's hear it.
What was that?
What is that clip from?
This?
It gets a stick.
It seems like it's for a video game anime type thing.
Correct.
Alrighty.
No way.
Bond of the week.
I'm going dasher.
That was so fast.
Fucking reindeer?
The reindeer?
Because you want to know why?
He's dasheringly handsome.
Come on.
That was the one.
Fixens the one that fucks.
No, Vixens the BOSSER.
Prancer.
I don't know.
Commit.
Prancer's way too skinny to be bad.
Oh, Oh, Omicron.
Okay.
That was V.
And Vixen.
And Hepatitis B.
The deer.
You guys have any bonds with the week.
guys have any bonds the week, Christmas edition style. It's got to be, and I know I've said this before,
but it's got to be Addison Ray reprising the role. She's hot off of that movie thanksgiving
that they didn't see it, but Patrick Densee was in it, and I just got a support Eli Roth.
So you think she's just going to keep bouncing holidays? I think she's going to, I hope she does
Easter next, because she has risen, and then I hope he also, I hope that she, the dream is that
it's a bond swap. Okay. You mean, so are you hope that Addison Ray doesn't Easter film because
Christ is risen? Because he's back and he's ready to go, but I am hoping, so I'm hoping that it's,
okay, picture this Addison Ray, rub, screw me, that's bond, and then Jacoba Lorty is the bond guy.
Did like the villain? No, like the like a bond girl, but it's the, Jacoba Lorty's the bond guy,
and he sort of a little. I'm listening. Oh, check please. It's speaking of check. I'm having it.
Oh, it's speaking of check, please. Let's hear it from Jeffrey James. This is the check, please.
Rick Love interviews from nine years. Well, I can't keep doing this. I'm muted miles.
I'm muted miles. We cannot keep doing this with my digital footprint, because that one,
I don't have any fucking choice. I cannot, we can't. He's done. He said he's done. I'm
he can unmute himself. Well, it was just that you were talking about how you used to
edit on a G4 Mac. Yeah, I thought it was good character building. It's not because what it is,
it's, it's, it's character assassination. It's not building anything. It's tearing at the
fabrics of a loving relationship that I have with myself. You can bring bond of the week, Terrin,
Edurton, Harry. I crush his back. My crush is back, because I watched all of Blackbird on
Apple TV in the day. Blackbird, Riley's eating Terrin's ass. Oh, honey, he got fucking ripped for that show.
And let me just say, him and Kingston, him and Rocky Man, hottest shit, him and Blackbird,
not a tie by you, should go for it. No, he's jacked in handsome. No, I don't normally go like
that level of jacked is normally not appealing to me. Yeah, you also love what's his name
from the bear. Jeremy, right? Well, here's the thing about a Terrin Edurton is that it's like Tom
Holland got stung by a thousand bees. And also in that movie, in that show, Terrin Edurton is like
grossly buff. Like it's like he's like greased up. And then they got, and what's his name,
fucking the guy from that movie that Cleanies with Directors like, oh, oh,
Oh, well, to hell is there? Yeah, otherwise known as not Paul Blarp Malcop. What's the name?
Paul Laugh's Cop. No, he was in that movie. There was a biopic. Oh, I don't, yeah. No,
really good close, but it wasn't that, but I mean, it was a cool,
other buyer. And I just have to, and I, Richard, Joel, he's in Richard, Joel. Yeah,
this isn't Christmas themed. I said, Bond Holy Christmas edition. And you guys have
like Apple G4.
You got it for his birthday, got it.
I don't know why that was an important thing.
Eight years old.
I was 13.
And also he was the youngest guy, Rick love it.
Enter every interview at the 2014 Roche wine tasting room in Sonoma.
Does it matter?
It does it matter of what age Rick loves.
It is your people out of vineyard.
My holiday bond is Santa,
because it's Christmas and I want Santa to be bond.
That's really good.
That is so of scenely loud.
Miles and I both just had to tear our headphones back.
No, sir.
Moving on.
It was so fucked up.
Holiday plans.
How do you guys plan on spending your boxing days?
Thank you for acknowledging boxing day.
I love boxing day.
Right?
I do.
And what does boxing day mean to you, Riley?
Boxing day is the day that you just lie around and do fuck all.
You are me.
You have a little drink.
You watch a lot of old films.
You have some food and a tear because the end of the year is here.
Yeah.
Have some food and a tear.
Yes.
What day is boxing day?
The 26.
Yeah.
So it's on boxing.
What does boxing day mean to you?
I think that the 26 sounds like a day where Julian will be up.
His daycare is closed as hell.
So we'll be short of time.
We'll be sort of this son's daycare is closed as hell.
Yeah.
Around the end of the year, daycare is closed up and they say, hey, parents.
Are you going to stop his daycare's closed as hell?
I know you wanted to be productive.
But guess what?
You've got the little guy and it's for every single hour.
So in my lap, I'm watching the first lap with me.
What the hell is that?
That's Andrew Pile.
I'm talking about his son being on his lap.
Santa style.
Did you think that up just for this episode?
I did talk about Julian.
No.
That was actually for a pit wall episode that we had months ago.
Anyway.
So do you have Julian on your lap or have you not had him for Christmas?
This is his first Christmas, right?
Do you think of divorce?
Have I not had him for Christmas?
No.
We do have by the way.
We haven't for Christmas this year.
Maybe he must have worn last year.
Me and my wife both do have him.
It's his first Christmas.
We're going to probably take him to Santa because we think it'd be funny.
Yeah.
And he'll kind of say he's not going to stay.
We're over.
That's a good question.
I don't know.
What do you think the best Santa?
We grew the grow over the Americana or the Galleria or the apartment or
Do you get a job?
If you dress up as Santa, I would bring him to your apartment.
I think it'd be good for him to have like,
We know fines.
Do we know fines to the workshop?
I agree, by the way.
I think that he should see all types of sand as white.
Let's be honest.
This year we're saying it.
We're on Christmas.
This is over in Santa's one.
I started making these like home videos that I've put on YouTube.
It doesn't matter.
I know.
Basically what we're going to be doing is hanging out with our little guy.
And also probably like in his ass.
It doesn't.
Celebratorly.
That's my son.
That's my very own son.
And I will not be spanking his ass.
I will not be abusing my son.
Thank you.
What I will be doing is trying to get him to sing because he does play the harmonica.
So it is abuse.
That's abuse.
No.
You don't understand musical theater.
Riley will tell you.
Go ahead.
Actually get it.
It's just like if he's already playing the harmonica.
And he isn't even a calendar year old.
Yeah.
No, the breath control.
Do you know the support in the diaphragm that that infant has?
You don't even know shit.
Yeah.
Ring.
That is him playing the harmonica.
Anybody can play the harmonica.
All right.
If you just get a harmonica in the key of the song, you can blow in it.
William Niller style and it'll sound fine.
He's 11 months old and he's a prodigy.
Next question.
Okay.
Fine.
I thought you guys were going to ask what is boxing day.
Did you really ask?
Did you forget that I grew up in an Irish household.
So I've always kind of done boxing day.
Don't erase Riley's Irish heritage.
He never does.
In fact, he makes it.
The only thing he's crying about.
Why?
Races that don't get discriminated against anymore.
This is a blurb about boxing day.
Though it originated as a holiday to give gifts to poor people.
I wish it helped you be Jewish.
Chat GPP.
Yeah.
That's.
I'm going to try and power through that to boxing day because that's.
That feels like some kind of like Patreon you subscribe to where you can enter in your fantasies
and they'll chat GPT.
I'll talk back.
The real important porn.
Just read the thing.
Though it originated as a holiday to give gifts to poor people.
I wish it to tell you.
Today, boxing day forms part of Christmas celebrations with many people choosing to take advantage
of sales.
I mean, how fucked up is that, right?
It used to be that we would just give to the less poor children.
Miles has a box cutter.
Sorry.
I don't even have a box cutter.
You just showed it.
You just.
He just wielded it.
I can't.
No, it doesn't.
There must have been a glitch.
It wasn't a glitch.
You're coming through not only in stereo, but in the highest definition.
I've ever seen on a zoom.
You're not being attacked.
Well, internet speed must be frozen.
You don't have to be your hands up.
Miles is upset because Jeff said that Italians aren't discriminated against anymore.
And that's why he pulled out the box cutter.
You look at it.
You got to move up.
What do you say?
You know what?
Do you do the things?
I'm always people like no.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And I know I can't bother.
I'm totally fine.
The hell is this?
I don't know.
That's all American bitch Olivia Rodrigo.
Alright, Olivia Rodrigo is a bitch.
Let's play vampire.
This is good for you.
Jeff, it's wrong, honey.
Oh, Jeff.
Sweetie, what happened?
What happened?
Honey, what happened?
Honey, what's wrong?
Tell us about boxing, David.
Yeah.
Come on.
We want to hear.
And then.
What the fuck was that?
It's time to move on to our first fucking.
No.
And so did it.
That was piled up.
Yes.
Oh my god.
We all have ADHD that's undiagnosed.
Look how fast we all moved into dancing.
Welcome to naughty or nice.
Um, I am going to list off the 50 plus most talked about celebrities of 20 23.
Well, this is going to be rapid fire.
No, this is going to be rapid fire.
We, we are not allowed.
That's the catch.
We are not allowed to wax about it at all.
It has to first thought best thought.
I'm just going to say.
Remember this list of the 50 most talked about celebrities of 20 23.
You guys just blurred out.
Not here nice.
All right.
Really pung.
Pung.
Because if you really think about it, if Sant is getting to every single child on earth, he's
not going in that much depth.
No one has the time.
All right.
Here we go.
You're going to think about it.
Really?
Yes.
But no, he has to do it year end.
He has to do it between Thanksgiving and Christmas because he has to take the whole year
into account.
And he's doing December one.
He's delivering a practice.
A practice.
Let's go.
Next question.
All right.
Three, two, one.
Again, rapid fire.
I'm going to keep moving through.
So you guys have to just like curve it out.
Not here.
Three, two, one.
Let's go.
Rihanna.
Nice.
The answer is to do.
Taylor Swift.
Nice.
Jennifer Lopez.
Kanye West.
Naughty.
Harry Styles.
Adele.
But another good way.
And a hot day.
Billy.
Oh, no.
She's nice.
Just in Beaver.
Nice.
Naughty.
Margot Robbie.
And Margot is naughty in the baby.
Like you naughty, bitch.
Naughty.
Tyler.
Who's Kyla?
Come on.
Tyler.
Tyga.
Moving on.
Smash.
Tyga.
Woods.
Pass.
That's not the game.
Austin Butler.
Best.
Jenna or Taga.
Nice.
Taylor or Taga.
Let's get sauce.
Smash.
Lizzy.
McAlpine.
Yes.
Nice.
I love the music.
Bad Bunny.
Bad Baby.
Pedro Pascal.
With the delay, this can't be good.
Bad Bunny or Bad Baby.
Bad Bunny and then Bad Baby.
Who's Bad Baby?
Pedro Pascal is hot to me.
Bad Miss Talian.
Nice.
Smash.
The weekend.
Bad.
What the fuck was the show?
I don't know.
Do you believe that?
But she's working for the weekend.
Oh, nice.
Nice.
Straight.
Naughty.
Ariana Grande.
Ed Sheeran.
Nice.
Britney Spears.
Naughty.
Jamie Lynn Spears.
Kim Kardashian West.
Naughty.
Is it dire?
Nice.
Tom Holland.
Lady Gaga.
Nice.
Nicki Minaj.
Gags city.
Kylie Jenner.
No, Miles.
No, no, no, no.
Kylie Minaj.
If the thing on Twitter, you got to look up Gags city.
Uh.
I don't think I get Google that without it.
No.
For the release of a new album.
That's it.
Oh, we didn't get through all 50.
But you guys decided to end this like me, right?
You guys decided to fight.
Cause it's supposed to be rabbit fires.
Absolutely rabbit fires.
Travis Youravier.
Tender주 is targeting natural queer people.
At least your tragic male is already open.
That's not even free.
They don't promoting, you guys should be saying cool.
That's not absolute safe.
So you guys are making sure he has the best.
Thats it.
Don't bring it in here.
Cause there's no food in it here.
Well, I can't make sure that it Either itself or if he doesn't do it.
Its really good to say.
Don't feel pressured.
Obviously.
Right.
Is that if I could say stabbing.
Not fragile.
We don't.
We can't feel pressure.
A surprises app and abuse.
Our kids have done something uh,
and have the Lebanese ones.
It's a surprise.
Absolutely.
Let's just move on.
are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s? Have you had a hard time finding new
or curated music? Are you interested in multiple perspectives, write on relationships dating
and music? Then you're going to love see the thing as a podcast hosted by Grammy award winning
R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality and podcast trailblazer Mandy B. Twice a week
Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political pop culture,
conversations in their honest segments, and relationship hot take conversations in the slightly toxic
segment. The opinions on the show are real and they're brought to you by the genuine connections
that the ladies have with the guests who they like to call their friends with benefits. Each week
you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a full curated playlist that you didn't even
know you needed and they're freshly squeezed in their freshly squeezed music segment. Most recently
the ladies have set down with the likes of Ari Lennox, Big Fridia, and Remi Mom. So go check it out
guys. Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube every Wednesday
and Saturday.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
and it did a lot of fun. We're talking about Santa for a fucking second here, all right?
I feel like for thousands of years Santa Claus has been working himself, grinding
himself to the fucking grindstone to the bone. He's been working tirelessly and not taking
even, let's say five minutes to himself to sort of like see what sort of pleasures lie there.
But years are ringing from the smashing sound effect, by the way.
That's not true.
I may be let me dumb it down for you guys,
because I feel like you're not getting the insinuation.
Santa hasn't jacked off in a millennium.
Is that fair to say?
This Christmas?
Things are a little different.
That's why, yeah, this Christmas.
I think let's give the fat man a chance
to find a kind of finally get off.
Let's make the fat man, this man.
He grabbed his hog.
Riley and I were doing the, I don't know how to intro this.
Riley and I were doing this bit all last Thursday
and Friday, mostly Thursday, I guess,
where it's sort of like a trailer.
It's like a movie trailer.
But for basically Santa self-completting.
Does that make sense?
Oh, I love that.
But there's no euphemism.
It's just a Christmas Santa comes.
Hard.
Oh, no.
So that's, that's the fucking,
from the people who brought you the Easter Bunny comes.
This Christmas Santa comes in his hand.
Oh, no.
It's like you're not getting us at the end there.
You already said something really crap.
Santa's jerks off his cock.
Yeah, exactly right.
Miles, why don't you hit us with one?
Get ready because December's Eve,
Santa's gonna blast off his orgasm.
A lot with his cock.
Yeah, exactly right.
This is going to spooge from his penis.
This Christmas Santa's spreading wide.
To get pegged.
Santa's gonna jerk off in the shower.
This Christmas Santa's breaking his chastity vow.
To finish.
You think Santa has a chastity vow to make it fun?
He's done no not this millennium.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's crazy.
And it's crazy.
When you when Santa comes after that, yeah,
it's gonna be huge.
This Christmas Santa's nuts in a sock.
Oh, man, the idea of saying it.
It is talking.
It's talking, it's what I was gonna say.
I saw mommy nutting Santa Claus.
I saw mommy milking.
Come on, come on.
There's blue humor and then there's this
prasiness that I won't stand for.
Let's get a reset because of the music.
No, it's because, you said no, no, no, no.
We're getting a little reset here.
All right, back to it, back to it.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not a pocket best filling.
This Christmas Santa's lap isn't just for wishing.
It's for coming.
Santa's lap is for coming.
Mrs. Claus is getting in on it now, yeah.
This Christmas, this is cause fucks.
Santa's penis.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
This Christmas, Santa's gonna un-box his orgasm being penis.
Ha ha ha I'm fucking sorry.
And then it's like, anybody who pushes back
is like, you think it's been millennia
since Santa jacked off.
You don't, you can't allow him this one moment of rest in it.
Don't you think you're in that service this?
Yeah.
This Christmas Santa cries in the shower.
Well, this Christmas Santa finishes with a belt around his neck.
Santa's into choke play.
This Christmas Santa has to peel wax off his arm from a king's session.
And this Christmas Santa flogs with a flogger.
Right.
This Christmas, Santa gets whipped on his ass.
Santa's got a Christmas, Santa's got a flashlight.
That's his hand.
So he doesn't have a flashlight.
Santa's got a-
Santa's workshop is cooking up flashlights that are hands.
This is what I was cooking up hands.
Also just imagining like seeing that in writing, like, in the movie theater.
You're trying to figure out it's like, oh, what's playing right now?
And there's a poster.
This Christmas Santa's got a flashlight bottom of the poster.
Let's start off a little bit.
That's his hand.
Exactly.
Correct.
This Christmas, all the yoga pays off for Santa,
because he can suck himself.
Oh.
Now, let's talk about Santa's talking to some dick for a second.
Yeah.
Auto-fillation.
Finally.
Go on.
A lot of people say that it's more like sucking a dick than getting your dick sucked.
Is that true?
Well, how would, yeah, how do they know?
A lot of people say that.
I've read a read it throughout one time.
This almost like, I get stuck with your dick,
but it's more like sucking a dick than getting your dick sucked.
No way.
That actually makes sense.
Yeah.
For sure.
Hmm.
Sorry.
Well, let's move on.
Sorry, Jeff.
Just such a chaotic fucking episode.
Oh, yeah.
I paid attention to things and most people in the world.
Listen, I feel like the canon of-
Not because of bitch.
So let's play the next one.
This is all American bitch.
Olivia Rodrigo, with good for you.
Listen, I think that the American canon of Christmas music needs a little bit of an update.
But I think that the rice song,
Are you going to be like, oh, holy rice.
Nice.
The rice simmering with rice.
It is just a rice.
It's a rice.
Rice, money, roasting on an open machine.
Boss, money roasting on an open machine.
Continue with that.
Now, what are you going to say?
How are you going to update the Christmas music canon?
What are you going to do?
It's not with rice.
It's with com.
What is it?
No, I just thought that each of us could-
I'm just perfect person.
Perfect person merch.
Just say it out loud.
You're distracting both of us.
Perfect person merch.
Perfect person dot shop.
All right.
This is going to be a video app.
Yes, there are no apps.
I didn't know that.
They're all video ads.
I didn't consent to that.
Continue sweatshirt.
I still have a box of like seven of those.
Those are cool.
My, I'll trade you.
I'll trade you two.
Your parents divorced.
Hoodies for two perfect person hoodies from me and Riley.
Ooh, I'd like that.
I'd like that.
I'd love a perfect person hoodie.
I'd love this.
Santa comes all over his bed.
A lot.
Um, even the ending with a lot.
Yeah, do you have coming all over your bed?
It's really a lot.
Yeah, a lot.
And it's like you could've gotten a napkin before
And before you knew this was going to explode.
This Christmas Santa comes on the snow.
And then forgets it's there.
Um.
Here we go.
Okay.
This is going to be us improvising updates to Santa Baby.
Because I feel like Michael Boobley did it in 2011.
But I feel like culture has changed.
Santa, buddy.
Have you seen?
Yeah.
Did you see the, uh, the update of the lyrics on Google for, um,
Baby is called outside with the,
It's your body and your choice.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
It didn't need to happen for people to support reproductive rights and
Hell.
What's amazing though is that it's like they sew over corrected it to the point where I saw someone
tweet about this and forgetting who it is, but they were like,
Oh, read as if the guy like doesn't even want the girl to stay over.
Like he talks to how he called her a car.
Her car is almost here.
This is the driver's name.
Yeah.
He is sounding for like, get the fuck out of my house.
Jesus.
All right.
I'm just going to copy you guys into the fucking deep end here.
Here we go.
Miles, let's start us off with this Santa Baby updated version.
You ready?
Yeah.
Here we go.
I'll count you in.
Not yet.
Here we go.
Santa Baby.
I wish you'd let Santa come all over me.
And put my penis all on the tree Santa Baby.
So hurry up my skirt tonight.
You're talking to Santa and you're telling him that you wish that Santa as if he was a third party with let him come all over you.
So I wrote direct and produced a documentary.
It doesn't fucking matter.
That's 15 years ago.
Why do you want to fight your penis all over the tree?
Because the tree is the sexiest tree to have at Christmas.
It's got the lights.
It has the lights.
It doesn't have sounds.
The tree does not have.
That's the one thing it doesn't have.
It has every other sense.
It has visual.
Because you can touch it.
It has.
It has a smell.
And you can taste it.
It does not have a sense.
It doesn't have a sense.
All right, Riley.
You ready for verse 2?
Let's go, Riley.
Here we go.
Santa Baby.
I'm sorry for what I said about the tree.
My penis away.
Santa Baby.
Can I still get a present today?
You really PG it up.
Saved it.
So that is the on radio.
penis away.
Yeah.
But my penis away.
Let's continue forward.
It does not have to relate to Miles's verse.
Okay.
Let's just keep building this song back to my right.
Totally.
Clean slate.
Actually, you know what?
Let me get a verse in.
Can I get a verse to say?
What?
Daddy get a verse.
Think of how spread wide.
I'll be underneath the sound of the Christmas tree.
I really do think my cheeks will be spread.
See if Mrs. Claus will peg my ass.
What do you think?
A lot of people.
You and your choice.
You brought up pegging a couple of times.
Well, because it just wouldn't have been spread wide comes open.
There's the only logical next step.
I hate to get too personal on this.
But have you been pegged?
We have to take another break.
The show sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, does your holiday season ritual with your family or community
around gifts mostly or is it time together?
Because no matter what your answer to that is, mine is a little bit of both.
You know, the perfect ratio between gift giving and time together.
It's about both.
You know, it can be about both.
But whether or not your family or community give gifts during the holidays,
you get to define how you give to yourself this holiday season and the holidays
are a great time to do that.
So whether it's by starting therapy going easier on yourself during tough moments
or treating yourself to a day of complete rest, remember to give yourself some love
this holiday season.
I'm in therapy twice a week now.
Isn't it obvious?
And I benefit from it.
You know, it helps me get through the week at this point.
Seasonal affected disorders kicking in, full swing, you know.
So it's been helpful for, you know, learning coping skills with that kind of,
you know, environmental change and it's been helpful in grow, you know,
through periods of growth and through periods of change and general.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist or switch therapist
at any time for no additional charge.
In the season of giving, give yourself what you need with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's betterhelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
What's that?
One, two, three.
Into at miles and other verse.
Hey.
Sorry.
Let me lead you.
That's an assault.
Santa baby.
Tell me how much you can rim my cheeks.
I love to have a little bit of peaks into.
Santa's little bussy tonight.
Let's keep it going.
Here's Santa honey, Riley.
Santa honey.
Can I also have a present in cash?
I don't mean on a loan.
Santa baby.
I want 10,000.
Not.
Santa cutie.
I took a second mortgage out.
It's a duplex.
You can rent the other.
You knit so my monthly payments.
Go away, go away, go away.
Straight back into miles.
Here you go.
Santa baby.
What do you want?
Do you want me to grease myself for you?
I'm greasy Santa come over here.
So you can throw me around and choke me out until Christmas comes.
Santa baby.
I'm grease stuff like a hog on a log.
I'm a hog.
Santa baby.
I squeak.
Me with water now.
Squeak.
That is a platinum record.
That was fucked up.
Santa's beating me up and choking me out and covering me in water.
He's greasing me up, spreading me wide, hanging me cash.
Mrs. Claus is getting in on the action by filling my ass.
This is such a blue episode.
This is the blue episode.
You started this.
You started it.
You started it by inviting in.
Jeffery, you invited it.
You invited it by doing like the.
The Santa.
This Santa comes on a clock.
Yeah, you said.
You had this coming.
I'll just go think things before.
And Riley and I really, we don't stand for that.
I like my one that dirty this whole episode up.
I feel like he's the one who kind of made it all naughty.
Well, you started the episode.
You had the perfect person merge greed.
One of the seven deadly sins.
That was the first dirty.
After that.
And started dirty.
Of many.
Yes.
And then the last one.
The game has changed.
And the game has changed.
I'm moving these just in case he does the mean thing.
I'm actually in 2011.
I married.
He's just really good at yo yo.
But he's been bringing it up that much.
Why won't you die?
Jeff.
I was really fucked up.
I was really mean.
That was really fucked up.
Santa's a bit.
What was that?
Hey, let me see.
Do this.
Do what you were going to do.
Santa bitch.
Call me in a ditch after noon.
O'clock.
And give me a taste of that cock.
Santa.
Bye.
I have a little peek into you.
Come and ram.
My Christmas cheeks.
As I'm underneath.
I'm underneath another Christmas tree.
I've been here all night.
Locked away in Chastity for Mrs. Clause.
Santa baby.
Please unlock my Chastity belt.
It hurts.
I'm not kidding right now.
Santa baby.
I have a little rush on my thigh.
I have a little taste of it in your ear.
Bye.
I grow in this cave to write now.
At least we're all in therapy.
I am not, but yeah.
For sure.
No, for sure.
But I, I, it's honestly because it's hard to find a therapist.
Not really.
No.
What am I just going to Google therapist?
Yeah.
Is that how you found your therapy?
Try someone out for one session.
I hate it though.
I've had therapists in the past.
It's just like, oh, you see something.
It's like, you don't get my whole vibe.
And what is your vibe?
Because you're just saying about, um,
rimming someone's cheeks and the,
I want to get a little peek inside.
You're right.
Rub my dick all over a tree.
Okay.
Well, my vibe is basically cool guy.
Bad boy sort of, um,
Renee rap style.
You're not like Renee rap.
Just like,
you're like, um,
Donald phasing in, uh,
Big fat liar.
What?
That, what I work at Universal Studios or whatever.
You have like,
loser written across your forehead.
Is it bell hop?
Isn't he like a limo driver in that?
He's a limo driver.
Yeah.
No way.
We can't do another.
Um,
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to play?
Yeah.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to play?
People end of the episode.
I said it's going to be short and sweet.
I don't know.
I don't have anything else prepared.
We're saying about tea.
You have a heart and you have a heart out.
That's why we're ending early.
You pushed it back by 15 minutes and now we're ending early.
I don't have a heart out.
Just as we were all having something.
You have something else you want to talk about?
It's Christmas.
Let's get it.
Everybody just fucking get back to their families.
Just give their gifts.
They went to like a local film festival that I did in.
Actually got that best.
Best of documentary.
Best student documentary.
Very nice.
Come on.
Shout out.
I use that effect too.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Let's end by this.
What do you guys want for Christmas?
I'll start.
World peace.
Miles.
You're going to say, I don't want that.
But I would like.
What?
Yeah.
I just figured.
Let's keep letting go wild.
But I think I'd like an iPad mini.
So I can.
Why?
Because I'd like to read manga on a note.
Because the Kindle.
You can't read manga.
Two major wars going on.
And you want to read manga on an iPad mini.
I said.
Yeah.
No.
I said mini.
Well, the mini is correct me when I said exactly what you just said.
I have a Kindle.
I have a Kindle paper white.
And it just is like, I don't quite know how to read manga on it.
So then if I get the iPad mini.
I think that it's a little easier to read manga on.
Yeah.
You don't want like supplies to go to Ukraine.
What is that?
So you don't read the news.
Can I ask.
Do you read the news?
Or do you read just mostly the Apple?
I'm mostly manga.
I read mostly manga.
So if you ask me about it.
But you know that the iPad mini exists.
Yes.
Because I saw it a catered ad.
Kind of manga website.
But no, I mean world peace.
It would be fine to do, I guess.
Let's do that too.
As a second.
If Santa is offering a second offering.
iPad mini.
Second helping.
I love a second helping, by the way.
Riley.
World peace.
Are you just going to salt?
Sees fire.
Maybe.
Or do you want to dog?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Don't.
Dog.
Be cool.
We'd like both of those things.
I have a dog.
So I'll just have the second one.
Yep.
At the iPad.
Or you could have a second helping of a dog.
I'm getting a dog next to you.
But I want it now.
Next year.
I want it now.
Yeah.
I'm getting a dog in the fall.
Go outside.
You too.
Check your front doors.
No way.
I'm not at home.
Really?
Then forget it.
That's it for James on Instagram.
And you got me a dog.
And you got Miles and iPad mini.
Too much.
Man.
Plugs.
What do you guys have everyone on?
What do you want to point the people to?
My name is Miles.
You already have a podcast called Perfect Person.
And I'd love for you to listen to it.
It's a calling advice show.
We have a lot of fun.
You can start with a Jeff and Riley episode.
And it's a really great time.
Waiting a time.
And what should you end with?
AKA what's the worst episode?
Ooh.
Should end with.
Maybe the first one.
So go backwards from that episode.
Yeah.
Riley.
At Riley and spa on Instagram.
I don't really use Twitter anymore.
But if you don't know what he does, everybody.
Nobody does.
Yeah.
So I haven't updated my advice.
Still have a Twitter icon on my phone.
Doesn't matter.
Review review.
Podcast.
You can listen to Jeff and Miles episodes.
When is this episode coming out?
This next Friday.
Okay.
It'll be pointless.
We'll be releasing our best of the year episodes.
I was going to say, like, I was going to plug because we have our, if you want
to vote for the best of review episodes.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Listen to them.
Just listen to them.
And I'd also like to plug.
World peace.
I'd like to plug.
You tripped you up.
Yeah.
Not really.
And spa on various platforms.
And by various.
I mean, just the one.
Miles.
You already did yours.
At Miles Bond though.
If you want to follow me.
Let's write out on this.
One last.
One last parody.
The three of us are Miles.
Say it to baby.
Put the reindeer down and grab me.
Okay.
Put them down.
Put them down in the slay.
Put me hooks into my shoulder blades.
So I can ride.
Riley.
Santa, baby.
All the reindeer's contracted mange.
Two day.
You need to put them away.
Six feet under.
And you've been nice and right at today.
Everybody have a merry Christmas.
A happy holiday.
And we'll see you guys in a week.
Not in the new year.
Namaste.
That's Dallas folks.
I hate them original.